[docs] Update info about Deckhouse updating (#5455)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/002-deckhouse/docs/USAGE.md

## Usage

> Example of module configuration with automatic Deckhouse update on the EarlyAccess release channel:

Author: ```suggestion
Example of module configuration with automatic Deckhouse update on the Early Access release channel:
```
